Update python_script.markdown (#32579)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/python_script.markdown

    rgb_color: [255, 0, 0]
```

> Services can also respond with data. Retrieve this data in your Python script by setting the `blocking` and `return_response` arguments of the `hass.services.call` function to `True`. The example below retrieves the weather forecast and assigns it into 'current_forecast' variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services can also respond with data. Retrieve this data in your Python script by setting the `blocking` and `return_response` arguments of the `hass.services.call` function to `True`. The example below retrieves the weather forecast and assigns it to the `current_forecast` variable:
```
